2014.4:
 * Version 9.4 (Rev. 1)
 * Added parameters to control synchronization primitives, no functional changes
 * Removed warnings for Block RAM instantiations, no functional changes
 * Encrypted source files are concatenated together to reduce the number of files and to reduce simulator compile time

2014.3:
 * Version 9.4
 * Added debug enhancement: External Program Trace
 * Set default value of parameter C_EDGE_IS_POSITIVE to 1
 * Corrected issue causing exception in return instruction delay slot to be ignored in rare cases. Versions that have this issue: 9.3. Can only occur when branch target cache is enabled.
 * Avoid stall for multiple outstanding data cache write accesses followed by a single access occuring in rare cases. Versions that have this issue: 9.3. Can only occur when data cache is enabled.
 * Also allow reading SLR and SHR registers when the FPU is not enabled. Versions that have this issue: 9.3, 9.2, 9.1, 9.0, 8.50.c, 8.50.b, 8.50.a, 8.40.b, 8.40.a, 8.30.a, 8.20.b, 8.20.a, 8.10.d, 8.10.c, 8.10.b, 8.10.a. Can only occur when stack protection and area optimization is enabled and the FPU is not enabled.

2014.2:
 * Version 9.3 (Rev. 1)
 * Internal change management process enhancements, no functional changes

2014.1:
 * Version 9.3
 * Added debug enhancements: Program Trace, Performance Monitoring, Non-intrusive Profiling and Cross Trigger support
 * Updated OOC constraints to include debug clocks
 * Removed unused code and signals to improve coverage metrics
 * Fixed issue causing an incorrect vector for External Non-maskable Break. Versions that have this issue: 9.2, 9.1, 9.0, 8.50.c, 8.50.b, 8.50.a, 8.40.b, 8.40.a, 8.30.a, 8.20.b, 8.20.a, 8.10.d, 8.10.c, 8.10.b, 8.10.a, 8.00.b, 8.00.a, 7.30.b, 7.30.a, 7.20.d, 7.20.c, 7.20.b, 7.20.a, 7.10.d, 7.10.c, 7.10.b, 7.10.a, 7.00.b, 7.00.a. Can only occur when area optimization is enabled.
 * Ensure that AXI4-Stream get instructions with exceptions never write to the destination register. Versions that have this issue: 9.2, 9.1, 9.0, 8.50.c, 8.50.b, 8.50.a, 8.40.b, 8.40.a, 8.30.a. Can only occur when area optimization is enabled.
 * Internal device family name change, no functional changes
 * Removed unused WebTalk core generation information, no functional changes

2013.4:
 * Version 9.2 (Rev. 1)
 * Improved automatic assignment of cache addresses

2013.3:
 * Version 9.2
 * Vivado-only core, with no functional changes compared to EDK version 8.50.c
 * Fixed issues causing an Instruction Bus Exception on a branch instruction to be handled incorrectly. Versions that have this issue: 9.1, 9.0, 8.40.b, 8.40.a, 8.30.a, 8.20.b, 8.20.a, 8.10.d, 8.10.c, 8.10.b, 8.10.a, 8.00.b, 8.00.a, 7.30.b, 7.30.a, 7.20.d, 7.20.c, 7.20.b, 7.20.a, 7.10.d, 7.10.c, 7.10.b, 7.10.a, 7.00.b, 7.00.a. Can only occur when area optimization is enabled, and either instruction bus exception or fault tolerance is enabled.
 * Avoid rare issue that can cause loss of coherency. Versions that have this issue: 8.50.b, 8.50.a. Can only occur when coherency is enabled by setting C_INTERCONNECT = 3.
 * Support for Automotive Artix-7, Automotive Zynq,  Defense Grade Artix-7, and Defense Grade Zynq devices at Production status
 * Reduced warnings in synthesis and simulation

2013.2:
 * Version 9.1
 * Vivado-only core, with no functional changes compared to EDK version 8.50.b
 * Avoid stall for Stack Protection Violation exception caused by a cache miss memory access. Versions that have this issue: 9.0, 8.40.b, 8.40.a, 8.30.a, 8.20.b, 8.20.a, 8.10.d, 8.10.c, 8.10.b, 8.10.a. Can only occur when stack protection and area optimization are enabled, and write-back data cache is not used.
 * Prevent spurious write to SHR and SLR in rare cases when exception occurs. Versions that have this issue: v8.50.a, v8.40.b, v8.40.a, v8.30.a, v8.20.b, v8.20.a, v8.10.d, v8.10.c, v8.10.b, v8.10.a. Can only occur when stack protection and area optimization are enabled.

2013.1:
 * Version 9.0
 * Vivado-only core, with no functional changes from EDK version 8.50.a
 * Cache coherency based on AXI Coherency Extension (ACE)
 * Fixed issue with swapb for area version when C_USE_PCMP_INSTR = 0. Versions that have this issue: 8.40.b, 8.40.a, 8.30.a.

2012.4:
 * Version 8.40.b
 * No changes

2012.3:
 * Version 8.40.b
 * Relocatable base vectors
 * Wizard mode in the Vivado configuration dialog
 * Removed support for qvirtex7l and virtex7l
 * Avoid timing issues due to unused flip-flops connecting clock to data. Version that has this issue: 8.40.a.
 * Ensure that memory barrier waits for adjacent data cache access in all cases. Version that has this issue: 8.40.a.

2012.2:
 * Version 8.40.a
 * Native Vivado release
 * Sleep mode for power reduction
 * Remove inadvertent dependence on C_USE_PCMP_INSTR for byte and halfword swap instructions, which can only occur when area optimization is not enabled. Version that has this issue: v8.30.a.
 * The changelog for previous MicroBlaze versions can be found in Answer Record 46824 (http://www.xilinx.com/support/answers/46824.htm)

(c) Copyright 2002 - 2014 Xilinx, Inc. All rights reserved.

This file contains confidential and proprietary information
of Xilinx, Inc. and is protected under U.S. and
international copyright and other intellectual property
laws.

DISCLAIMER
This disclaimer is not a license and does not grant any
rights to the materials distributed herewith. Except as
otherwise provided in a valid license issued to you by
Xilinx, and to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law: (1) THESE MATERIALS ARE MADE AVAILABLE "AS IS" AND
WITH ALL FAULTS, AND XILINX HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-
INFRINGEMENT, OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE; and
(2) Xilinx shall not be liable (whether in contract or tort,
including negligence, or under any other theory of
liability) for any loss or damage of any kind or nature
related to, arising under or in connection with these
materials, including for any direct, or any indirect,
special, incidental, or consequential loss or damage
(including loss of data, profits, goodwill, or any type of
loss or damage suffered as a result of any action brought
by a third party) even if such damage or loss was
reasonably foreseeable or Xilinx had been advised of the
possibility of the same.

CRITICAL APPLICATIONS
Xilinx products are not designed or intended to be fail-
safe, or for use in any application requiring fail-safe
performance, such as life-support or safety devices or
systems, Class III medical devices, nuclear facilities,
applications related to the deployment of airbags, or any
other applications that could lead to death, personal
injury, or severe property or environmental damage
(individually and collectively, "Critical
Applications"). Customer assumes the sole risk and
liability of any use of Xilinx products in Critical
Applications, subject only to applicable laws and
regulations governing limitations on product liability.

THIS COPYRIGHT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER MUST BE RETAINED AS
PART OF THIS FILE AT ALL TIMES.
